When every senior member on your team refuses to help you and leaves you on your own...
Yikes, this place is going downhill at record speed.
Rather not deal with people today. Hoping to limit all my interactions to puppies.
I wish Lync had a "busy as fuck" status option.
I need some Mr. Robot or Black Mirror back in my life pronto.
It's kind of terrifying how close Homeland is to being spot on with the current political climate.
I spend entirely way too much of my work day in pointless meetings.
I don't understand why people have water bottles that tell them when to drink. If you're thirsty, drink. It's not more complicated than that
The sound of our privacy being chipped away. htt…
Please announce the Surface Book 2 already Microsoft.
Really need to get a laptop.. but I'm just not really impressed with anything on the market.
Middle Tenn is really going to mess up my bracket?
But seriously, this dogs intelligence impresses me more and more every day. He may not do what I want, but he can do a lot of things.
My dog just brought me a house centipede and was like here kill this. He also just dropped his water bowl on my lap like here fill this.
Qouth the Raven, nevermore. 
Achievement unlocked: fall asleep after two cups of coffee.
If my dog barks or growls at you, I don't trust you either. My dog has better judgement than me.
My Instagram feed is now 40% dog pictures, 30% food, 20% news/tech, and 10% people I know. I couldn't be happier either.
I need to train him to find money and jewelry.
Bodie enters a dark patch of grass at night and magically comes back with a chicken bone. This is getting out of hand.
While walking Bodie a guy driving by rolled down his window and told us "God damn that is a beautiful dog".
"But what happens if you break your phone or your provider loses service?!, with us you'd have a phone to use"
Lady from Comcast ignored the fact that I didn't want to upgrade to triple play. She then tried to tell me why I need a landline.
I'm always having a good day and then I get a call from Comcast support.
And now that I've been living in Trolley for awhile, I can honestly say I see more chicken bones that any other kind of trash.
I never knew that just throwing fried chicken wings and bones on the ground was a thing in the city until I started working in the city.
Hoping to get inspired by some pictures of motivational text on Facebook today.
I'm not generally an impatient person, but if I have a package scheduled to be delivered I turn into the most impatient person.
Shoutout to Bodie for puking in the only guy would was outside doing yard works yard.
I never thought a constant issue in the workplace for me would be having my name spelled Brain in emails. We're supposed to be professionals
Still not sure how I was able to leave this face and go to work this morning. t.co/uFAiiVx3Or
You can't possibly be in a bad mood when it's this nice out.
I enjoy days like this with really nice weather for two reasons. One, the weather obviously. And two, everyone is in a good mood.
Man if the price of avocados goes up I'm going to be pissed.
Nobody on my team at work can spell "discrepancy" correctly.
System down at work and a nor'easter on the way. Remind me why I am in the office again?
When someone else adopts the dog you were trying to adopt... t.co/qJnmLzYEWK
That's why I'm trying to get a job in Cyber Security. Since there is "much hacking going on" .
Shoutout to everyone in the city who hate people and don't shovel/clear their sidewalks.
Someone keeps ripping ass in trolley tap. Send help.
"You're like in my way all the time" - katiesauerwine
Packing packing packing
When a weird girl from your highschool posts something on Facebook about face sitting... 😵
About to find a job that is purely work from home so that I can go and get a dog. 
I spend entirely too much time looking at rescue dogs that I want to save but can't at the moment. Not even settled into my house yet.
Just want to scroll through facebook without being sold 15 things.
Starting to not really mind having all this PTO to use at the end of the year.
It now sounds like she's using her forehead to activate the stapler. Again, this is why I prefer not coming into the office.
Locked out of her laptop again, the lady in front of me claims to be having a case of the "Mondays"
I just want to move into my house already...
HeHeHeaney evanrachelwood collcos haha yeah that's pretty dope that they add things like that.
If you are in need of a show to watch during Christmas break and have access to HBO, I highly recommend watching Westworld.
These violent delights have violent ends.
I haven't been this excited for a season finale in so long.. 
The wawa on 202 by fed ex has the nicest lady at the register.

It's been dark outside now for over 36 hours. When did I move to Alaska?
This weather just makes me tired.
If trolley square loses power one more time. I'm not resetting my oven clock for the third time tonight. It's just going to stay wrong.
WestWorld please. My emotions.
alyshelly t.co/iVd7ShGnjF


Moving to Westworld.
Lady in front of me going on her 5th joke about an extra hour since I've got in this morning. Can she keep this pace up?
End of the world playlist recommendations?
Hey Tim Cook, I still use a mainframe on a daily basis. How dare you remove the function keys.
WestWorld is life.
I better get to pet all the dogs I want at this puppy 5k tomorrow. Best post race prize I could ever want.
How many times does Trump repeat the same word twice in a row in one debate?
The reason for me getting a house eventually is 110% so I can have a dog.
Someone buy me a blue heeler please?
After all this stress from working the weekend I need a dog to play with.
Whoops - t.co/z0PXJsERf2
WHY WON'T HE SIT DOWN

*SNIFFING INTENSIFIES*
This gone be good. t.co/hdCxZO0j1c
I've been writing so much python this weekend I'm going to walk into work tomorrow and start writing in the wrong language.


Can apple refresh their macbooks already? I need to see how they stack up to the competition before I make a purchase.

Lady in front of me has locked herself out of her laptop for a record 8th time now I believe.
Printing out a sign for my cube asking people to refrain from talking to me about the debate. Anyone else want a copy?


Trump on most questions: "Maybe that's true.. maybe that isn't. I have property there. Just today people endorsed me. Sniff."
Did Trump just call all hackers "400 pounds" !?
Why can't they have the mics controlled by the moderator? Talking out of line? Here's the mute button.
LeahGuar and now this debate...
99.9% of the food I cook contains salt, pepper, garlic, and olive oil.
MGG215 your favorite kind of traffic backup? t.co/t5mRJj27u0
I'll surprise myself if I make it through these five miles tomorrow.
Pretty sure I'm sick from coming into the office. This is why I try to minimize my time here...
Kate is grading assignments and one of her kids said their favorite song was "up like trump". This is the our future generations..
Update 2: she just slammed her head against the cube wall numerous times shaking everything. Then she said "that feels better now". 
Update: I've been at work a whole 30 minutes and the lady in front of me is having a full blown conversation.. With herself.
How does the lady in front of me forget her password once a week? How did you get hired? How have you managed to live this long?
Having to work the weekend because someone gave you wrong information. 💯🖕
I feel absolutely disgusting after that run. I didn't know such levels of humidity existed.

The older people here love their ringtones and text alert sounds.
Shoutout to the couple riding unicycles together through Alapocas. 
Just heard the lady in front of me say "well I guess I should put my brain in my head now". t.co/sZqHoCT1JD
This lady tells her whole life story to anyone willing to listen. Makes it impossible to get work done.
Everyone else at work around me is on their phone and pretty much yelling. Should I join in on this too? t.co/UbTCQgR68t
Why are you using the speaker on the phone when we have headsets? t.co/mbVoNkYgyA
I think I should work in my bed and sleep in the office. Can't stay awake in the office and can't fall asleep in bed. Would fix my problems
Return of the drunk guy in my alley. 
Could listen to the James Blake album on repeat for days. Ideal work music.

I wish I could say what Angela just said at work all the time.
Loving the songs used in the Mr Robot episode so far.
If people could stop taking gyms from me that would be great. Snorlax takes too many potions to constantly have to be healing him. Thanks.
Gotta go walk all the back to the gym that someone took from me in the middle of the night...

It's kind of like the safari zone in a way... You get 500 steps before the servers drop and you have to try again later...
Man I was about to find a Pinsir, but then the servers went down.
Bold prediction: the Germany-France game will be far more entertaining than the final.
Gunshots or fireworks, Wilmington edition.
Wales!
That combination play from Poland !
Really wish that USA released their shows like Netflix. I could binge on a whole season of Mr. Robot like its my job.
Not sure why all the 40+ year old people insist on using our chat program as AIM. One "!" will do, not 17, Linda.
Lol England.
Apparently there's only enough budget for one redhead with the Starks.
First Friday in the office in over a year and I walked in only to hear the lady in front of me telling someone on the phone to burn in hell.
How do you stop a free kick like that? You don't.
LeahGuar don't know if you saw the playbook they drew up or not. t.co/gIug0v4utF
Still can't believe people don't enjoy watching Spain play. It's so beautiful.
No way is that ever a straight red. This ref is atrocious and should be removed from COPA.
John Brooks is a god damn monster on defense.
Clint Dempsey’s header stakes the team a 1-0 lead at t.co/lLFO8Niybv
USA baby!!!

Power out at work.. Wonder if it's the whole City of Wilmington
t.c…
It's 88 in my apartment. I am not a fan of this.
Not having headphones at work like... t.co/3iYUliOJMF
Manager came into my cube again and decided to touch everything... And he's sick. Why would you do that? Where are your social skills?
Pretty sure coming into my cube and taking over control of my mouse is a example of an unwritten rule that should never happen in the office
Hodor.
Lol my neighbor just up and moved out randomly today.
One day my ability to answer at least 50% of jeopardy questions correctly every night will pay off eventually...? Right guys?
Raccoons in Wilmington are worse than the squirrels at UD. They're 10x bigger and don't give a fuck.
Massive raccoon just climbed up my fire escape and turned on the motion sensor light and was like aw fuck and ran back down when it came on.
I'm in meetings so long everyday that my headset routinely dies before the end of the day. 
There is no happy medium of workload at this job. Either you're given 15 things at once, or nothing for months.

The Dothraki should really have practiced fire drills.
And Jon Snow is reborn as Ghandi.
Happy music in GoT usually means someone is about to die.
When you're waiting for a delivery, every vehicle that goes by sounds like a delivery truck.
Also, she keeps saying that the code she's looking at looks like a bowl of spaghetti.
Update on the lady in front of me. Her car wouldn't start this morning so she had to ask a friend to drive her in.
My manager is the king of sending out emails as soon as I've left the office.
40% of my day is reading random emails I'm CC'd on and the other 60% is trying to figure out why I'm CC'd in the first place.
I guess you can never really assume a car is going to stop at a stop sign anymore. It's becoming an almost everyday occurrence,
Shout out to the lady that gave me the finger because she almost ran a stop sign and almost hit me while I was in the crosswalk.
It's not a walk to work in Wilmington if I don't walk by part of a weave.
Hearing older people's ringtones in the office never fails to make me laugh. Someone just had the James Bond intro.
Project at work where if something goes wrong the cleanup could be in the millions? Ah, give it to the guy with the least experience.
Why is this lady talking about Star Wars on the phone at work? How do you even reach that topic of conversation?
Shout out to the guy who got to add "dick flashing peasant" to his IMDB page.
GoT is futher proof all a man needs to breathe new life is to get a haircut and a beard trim. God Bless.
"That's what I do. I drink and I know things."
People at my work still put EOM at the end of their email subjects. Thank god, or else I'd still be looking for the rest of the message
HBO made millions of dollars by us witnessing that for a solid three minutes. I was not prepared.
Game of fucking Thrones.
 starts tonight. t.co/Bj4iusf5xD
I could drink Trader Joe's Ginger Beer everyday. Love me some ginger beer.

MGG215 As if PA laws needed to be anymore different.
This lady has been non stop trying to talk to me and the lady behind me at work. It's too early for this, can you let us be?
Shoutout to all the 60+ people from Delaware that ran the Boston Marathon today.
Feel like the dude from lost who keeps having to enter the codes in over and over. That's what this job is like right now.
Not really sure how I ever managed to function without a Trader Joe's.
My work is so kind to let me work at this time on a Saturday. They shouldn't have.
It's always fun to watch a chance at history being made. Doesn't matter if you like the NBA or not. It's about history.
Work today has consisted of 30 middle aged adults arguing about the best way to view an excel document in a meeting.
How long until people try to get away with using emojis on resumes? Or has it already happened?
Why do people use emojis on motivational speeches on Facebook? How am I supposed to take you seriously?
Not bringing a phone charger to work is the biggest rookie move. Spent today actually doing work.
This guy at work really just replied to my message with super.
Romantic Chemistry might just have to be my replacement for sixty-one.
My one package has been sitting in New York for two days doing nothing. This is madness.
Wish list : sound proof cubicle.
I am seriously underdressed for my walk home.

Wishing I had a bike/pool access/more PT friends. I hate not being able to be active.
Everyone should act like its April Fool's day with most things they read on the internet, even if its not April Fool's day.
Someone fix my IT band please.
She's now explaining what happened on Lost. Incorrectly might I add. She's trying to compare the office grind to Lost.
After describing where all of her kids are now in life and her incredibly high B12 levels despite being a vegetarian for 7 years...
Will this lady ever stop talking about her personal life on the phone all day? Stay tuned to find out!
MGG215 shit is that your guys new management for your apartment?
This mouse is god damn Houdini
And with UVA losing that pretty much concludes my bracket. It was a good run guys.
I believe the refs just took a giant shit on my bracket.
Oregon is still garbage 🤔
Sounds like I'm in a meeting with Darth Vader.
Sorry to the elderly couple I gave slightly incorrect directions to Sallies. You kind of put me on the spot by asking at a green light tho..
Finally iOS 9.3, God bless.

Had the whole left side of my bracket correct for the sweet 16. If only I could say the same for the right side...
Someone hire me for a job that deals with sports fitness technology/health technology. Thanks.
LeahGuar although Gonzaga is killing my vibe a little right now.
Now that it's getting down to crunch time, I'm 100% happy I made a few minute adjustments to my bracket.
That might have been the greatest five minute stretch of down to the wire games in March Madness history.
RIP everyone's brackets.
t.co/4XNadJ074w
I need to go run, but I need to see Mich St lose
Hey Mich St.. what's going on?
Almost 120 miles on the year. I guess that's progress.
Don't think I've ever disliked a neighbor as much as I've disliked my current one.

More like Purdon't, right guys?
Purdue, please. I'm never putting you going anywhere in another bracket again.

What just happened?
Well at least I know picking Duke over Baylor was the right move.
Virginia looking so strong.
Got the first two games right... This is going to be a good month.
Think I've changed my bracket two more times this morning. Need to stop thinking about it.
95% of this lady's phone calls have nothing to do with work. The other day she left a water bottle in her car overnight.. And it froze!!
Ahh the yearly March struggle of picking which upsets to go with... Because there has to be upsets right?
Glad we're able to take advantage of the extra hour or two of daily light so far. Thanks daylight savings. t.co/LHXyHRJbEL
Thought yesterday was a struggle. Today is much worse. It's gonna take a whole week to get used to this.
I hope none of my bosses expect any real work to get done today. Today isn't a real day, right?
"I hope you're happy with this! You dick!"
Listening to a live drunken screaming breakup outside. 
Goodbye winter, hello allergies.. I mean spring.
Getting phishing emails at work like t.co/5MkJfDZgLY
Getting phishing emails at work like t.co/xdMfT8AcHM
When you show up to work on a Monday and mostly everyone is working at home. t.co/D2NTcSH1T0
When bae grinds fresh coffee t.co/ahUOX9r8O6
Need 7 more miles for 100 this year. Slowly making progress.
The only problem with common sense... Is that it's so common.
I wish the current Presidential situation was more like House of Cards and I could wake up everyday to a new episode.
I want to be able to run on the treadmills at work when it's not good weather, but it's oldie social hour in the gym 24/7.
Olivia Wilde though...
Is it warm out yet?
Everyone is excited that Fuller House is out on Netflix and here I am just patiently waiting for House of Cards.
LeahGuar I'll be honest, I liked a few just to watch the animation.
I can already see people getting in trouble for "loving" someone's pic on facebook instead of "liking" it.
TSBible auzzieglove delaware_square
Grayson Allen just went full godmode.
Coldest day of the year? Let's run a 5k! katiesauerwine
Trying to dissect a program at work written in 1979. That pretty much sums up how my day is going.
LeahGuar there were some!
LeahGuar it's a pretty dry night tonight. Cam has 200 yards, zero TDs, and zero dabs.
Almost made it the whole Super Bowl without a toenail fungus commercial. Almost. 
Don't plan on running from the cops anytime soon so a Prius would be useless for me I guess.
If I workout and burn a lot of calories the last beer I would ever want would be a michelob ultra.
Super Bowl drinking game: take a shot for every "dab" witnessed tonight.
If I started eating more healthy and started running and lost a little weight, but don't do shakeology/advocare/ w/e, does it really count?
I need to foam roll my whole body.
House of Cards new season needs to hurry up. Running out of things to watch on Netflix.
Get over shin splints, injure ankle. 2016 off to a great start.
Just spent two hours with Kate looking at houses online we'll never be able to afford.
LeahGuar t.co/AzyR2Dp4qt
LeahGuar city living is terrible now. Trying to find somewhere that is plowed is near impossible.
Of course it was my neighbor who took the spot. Didn't lift a shovel during the entire blizzard but won't hesitate to take my spot.
On a side note this should be my EPAT treatment for awhile.
Aaandddd someone already stole my parking spot.
Really dreading going to the doctor's tomorrow. I know the second I leave, I'm never getting my parking spot back.
People that don't shovel at all during the storm and then steal parking spots are scum. People act too entitled.
If UD closes, you know some serious shit went down.
takes2toTANG0 if you really missed me, you'd text me sometime..
takes2toTANG0 See if I ever like your facebook/instagram post again.
I've seen more people walking around Trolley in this blizzard than on a regular weekend.
If you write a comment on facebook and below it offers to provide a translation I can't take you serious.
Interesting things always happen when I work from home on Fridays...
Enter to win all of SKORA's shoe models at t.co/GnoiTfLpIX
"We're not bad people, but we did a bad thing". This show is pretty addicting I must say.
You can tell how much your fellow employees hating working by the amount of money they've spent on powerball tickets in the past week.
2016 goal: Sub 20 5k.
If I could just start off the new year in perfect health that would be great
Just want my Fresh Foams already...
No such thing as vacation days at this company...
What is the point of doctors appointment times if they're never on time anyway?
TheGingerRunner gotailwind The 2015 New York City Marathon. 
"It's never your successful friends that post motivational quotes on Facebook."
I'm slowly losing my mind at this job.
The messenger we use for work simulates what older people would have done if AIM was their generation.
Worked 4 hours of my day off and now the heat in the apartment isn't working?
Work gave me all of this responsibility, which I enjoy, but none of the tools or training to do it properly.
If I survive today somehow I will be thoroughly impressed.
Quote overheard from an old guy while walking home - "Mitt Romney invented the Internet, right?"
If you make something idiot proof, someone will just make a better idiot.
Today is a Milky Chance kind of day.

Holy shit this is crazy
Don't meet the minimum requirements to run FallOut4... this is troublesome.
3 doors down? Someone better tell them Throwbacks aren't until Thursday.
Not quite sure why my new neighbor is blasting music at 5:00 on a Wednesday...
To get FallOut 4 or not...


Are we having fun yet!?
There were so many nice goals this weekend.. Neymar's, Sergio's , and that other dude who no one knows his name.
The amount of work I don't feel like doing right now...
auzzieglove delaware_square t.co/NId3EOpGcQ
Starting an official tally of how many times my manager spells my name as "Brain" in emails addressed to me. Will update thought the week.
I feel like I've been at work for a full day already... And it's not even 10.
Why are you blasting music at 6 am...
There should really be more of a distinction about needing to sign for a package or not. I wanted my package today.
This lady just got on the bus with a broom?
auzzieglove 👍🏼👌😝⚡️💪🏼🔥🍆💥💎💯
Starting to think that the only game some guys have is spamming random emojis on pictures of girls.
Foam. Fenwick Island Beach t.co/haFLfHEnhU
Work is a ghost town early this week.
Trying to get rid of Net Neutrality, Jeb? That's going to cost you a lot of votes.
If my manager spells my name as "Brain" one more time in an email...
delaware_square auzzieglove they're both scrubs
I now fully understand how phishing attacks work.. I never thought people actually fell for them.. But now I know.
I'm more excited for iOS9 on my iPad than anything else.
My manager spells my name as "Brain" daily.
This should be an interesting one on one meeting.
Would absolutely love to reorganize my cube, but I am extremely limited by cable placements and outlet locations..
 What. The. Fuck.

Meetings make the world go round.
Last day at Virginia Beach. Going to be weird not waking up and looking at the ocean tomorrow. … t.co/Y84hAg7bol
View for the next week. I'm perfectly okay with this. Sandbridge, VA Oceanfront t.co/8pPN2cajSh
Mr. Robot still very much on point.
 t.co/QYabN1Akub
Apparently everyone that works in Wilmington collectively decided to take the 7:30 bus into town this morning.
I don't think you could ask for a better start to a game.
katiesauerwine just asked me if Japan and Europe were playing in the Semi Finals.
USA babbbbyyyy!
Carli Lloyd baby !!!!!!
Let's get it USA!
Everyday I read tech blogs and I get more more and excited about the future and what it holds.
This game is absolutely going to PKs. I don't see anyone making an active effort going forward.
Not too sure about that handball call..
I will not be owned. I am joining the whoismrrobot at t.co/DeAYXzoA7N to t.co/TetsuFDMrW
whoismrrobot 
If you're not already watching Mr. Robot, you should go watch it. Most authentic and entertaining show ever based on cyber security.
Don Draper would not approve of this new soda commercial.
YoUDeeMac Unless you're an American.


DO IT ALL YOURSELF ALEX MORGAN
Stick to balls in the air...
Not sure if I should be happy or mad HBO GO keeps crashing. Maybe I will have to get up and do something today instead of Silicon Valley..
So many associate level jobs with 5+ years of experience requirements...
Number of claps by this girl at the Italian festival while telling a story: 61 and counting.
Apple taking steps in the right direction with 6 digit passcodes.
GG EASY
This 2000's hip hop playlist on Spotify has put me in such a good mood.
It must now be company standard to hold conference calls in your cube.. On speaker.. So everyone can hear your meeting.
How am I supposed to get work done on this brick of a laptop..
How do you almost get t-boned on a bus?
JUST DO IT!
The amount of improper grammar and incorrect formatting in emails I receive on a regular basis is dumbfounding.
The older people at work sure have a hard time accepting the fact that there might have to be changes in the future.
My chair in the office is so squeaky.. I am currently that guy.
Can I just sit at home in front of my window unit instead of going to work?
Wish I could go for runs early in the morning instead of after work...
I could walk around neighborhoods up by Rockford park for dayssss
Can't believe how rusty my Java skills are getting.. Starting to feel like I'm rotting away here.
Today feels mode like a Monday than Monday did...
Was on hold for the department at PNC that could handle my issue... And I was on hold so long that the entire department closed...
I hear about 15-20 various sirens at my desk everyday..
My favorite part of work today was when I went outside for 10 minutes and just sat there.
Grayson Allen man of the match so far.
Name a player of the Duke team who doesn't give at least 150% all the time. Amazingly solid team.
Why are there so many people on this bus now?
Notre Dame looking nice as hell right now.
Kentucky is like the Monstars from Space Jam.
Conversations around my cube at work since I've moved.. Yesterday was Costco deals and today is the most recent Jerry Springer.
Forgot that during any kind of holiday I have to be prepared to park 8 blocks away from my apartment in trolley.
Words cannot describe how much I do not want to be in the office right now.
Meetings out the ass today.
I dream of a day where I don't have to use the mainframe and can step back into the 21st century.
New guy next to me at work seems to mistake me for the tech guy everyday.
Guy in front of me at acme is writing a check?... What year is it!?
If the weather people get this one wrong too...
Send help guys, I can't get passed 3/4 of episode 7 of house of cards. Netflix please!
Today might make me start drinking coffee.
Why is this guy so incredibly well dressed in the middle of an apocalypse?
Not sure if it's just my allergies.. Or that I'm starting to get sick.
Side walks are now ice rinks.. Good luck everyone.
To do list: buy a raspberry pi 2 and make something worthwhile.
No one saw the pass coming... Not even the receiver ..
I wanna play real life pacman...
This is so weird.. I want to make food but I have to wait until the game is back on to do it so I don't miss anything good
Now all I can picture is Kim Jong-Un whenever I hear this song..
Well we all know for a fact that Katy Perry's beachballs aren't deflated... In the slightest.
Weathermen are the reason I have trust issues.
Katie just said the main character from Taken was Robert Irvine... I have no words right now.
Pleasantly surprised by SnapChats newest update. Really nice feature.
Conversion factors for people who live in DE; 10-12 inches ~ &lt;1 inch.
It looks like someone dropped a bag of powdered sugar on the sidewalk outside. That's it. Best storm ever.
At least it looks good that I went into work today to the managers right..?Just kidding, they're not even here this week..
I was told there would be snow...
My eyes feel so slow and heavy today..
You cannot bypass the conveyer belt by throwing your rather large container of Nutella to the end.
How can you possibly hold a professional career of any kind and not be able to follow such a simple process.. It's designed to be easy..
I have never seen someone get so utterly defeated by a self check out lane than this lady at BJs just did.
Side walks are so damn slippery .. Almost died three times walking back from the bar.
You know it's a going to be a great day when you miss your first bus.
For the love of God, please give me something other than COBOL to do at work.
Can't stop watching House of Cards. Send help.
New email app at work can't send you notifications when you get a new email.. What is the point of it then?
So very nice to have heat back in the apartment.
Why does lunch go by so quickly, but work go by so slowly?
The network at work seems to have a case of the Mondays..
Already missing wearing jeans at work... That whole month of jeans spoiled me.
What's worse than going back to work after a long holiday? Going back for one day on a Friday...
Not sure if gunshots or fireworks in the city of Wilmington ...
Back in this strange place called work.. It's a ghost town
Christmas good deed done. Hope that dude is alright :/
Netflix is stuck at 25% ... Someone send help.
TnTDynamitee GET IT
Get me off this bus.. This lady does not know how to drive a bus !
5 hours of meetings today.. Welcome to the working world.
Meetings make the world go round.
The Rice Krispie treat that the vending machine decided to withhold from me finally dropped. All is right in the world.
Putting in the overtime... Even though I don't get paid for it... 😭
Wish my work computer didn't take 15 minutes to boot up..
t.co/g8CCxtk5ga
Vending machine at work stole my dollar and didn't give me my Rice Krispie treat.. Today is ruined.
Taking off today was the best decision I've made in awhile.
And this place is again a ghost town on Friday...
MGalenas oh it's dragging along for sure. It seems to be frozen in place.
Yeah... Not catching the first bus this morning.
Just saw a lady on a run this morning with coffee in her hands?..
Drinking all the Denmark beers Trolley Tap House . katiesauerwine t.co/3PsyV8qOgt
I really need a navy pullover..
Today is going to be one of those days...
Beard trimmer breaks during November...
Back to two screens at work. This is amazing. So much room for activities.
All aboard the Monday morning struggle bus!
Fast and Furious 7 trailer... I can hardly wait.
Playing words with friends with coworkers to pass the time during this training.
This isn't just another Monday, it's worse.
Finally get to touch Java at work. A little bit now and then a bootcamp for two weeks. Praise baby Jesus.

Maryland roll 😍👌
Girl behind me just said her sushi does in fact taste like old feet. 
Thank god I can at least listen to Spotify/iTunes Radio at work all day.
Anyone else in the city of wilmington lose power?
Tom you dog you.
rbart65 MGalenas learned 3 different languages in three days... Still have free time.
Don't get me wrong ... Friday's are the best day of the week, but work goes by extremely slow when no one is in the office..
I hate easytrieve..
A raccoon just walked up my fire escape.. Can I help ya bud?
Lady on the bus, your problems are personal. Please keep them to yourself while on the bus. Not everyone wants to hear your problems.
The Blacklist is pretty nice, except for that bit about encryption. How does stating a common fact pass for being able to decrypt?
Now watching: The Blacklist.
The news is nothing but depressing.
Rain please stop.
Just call me a God of the mainframe I guess.
A squirrel just hopped on my foot while waiting for the bus. Today is all kinds of strange.
Seems like my weekends are always one day too short.
You can tell when a football game in trolley is over because everyone goes back outside.
Kind of glad I don't get UD alerts anymore.. Stay safe friends.
Yes please to this weather.
Feeling like you constantly have to sneeze all day is my idea of hell.
You can now get old bay on sandwiches at wawa.. My life is complete.
Does wrapping a superfood in bacon make it more or less super?
Idk guys... I ate it all, but I'm just not really satisfied. 😕
El Diablo for the first time. Hopefully you guys don't hype this place up for nothing.
I get to go back to UD for a day haha
This lady really just tried to tell me that Game of Thrones was an actual era in time... Before God and religion..
Bus decided not to come today, so I got a nice half hour walk in.
Lady on the bus in front of me was definitely coked out..
Just got a call at work from a children's dentist... They asked me if I was I didn't have any kids that had appointments scheduled. I'm sure
WHAT DO I EAT
Creamy sriracha sauce from subway 😍, who would have known..
Shoulda just walked home instead of waiting for the bus.
Just took this woman 10 minutes to figure out how to lock her car.

Can't stand not knowing what I'm doing..
😍😍😍😍 t.co/mzyBscp7mO
This pho is pretty damn good!
Might have just found my new favorite place.
Looks like it'll be a short lunch today.
This frozen yogurt place is full of women talking shit, and guys trying to leave as soon as possible.
JasBrownn congrats!
Well, work does not make good pizza. Lesson learned.
Today is dragging along.
delaware_square more like that pass from cesc.. Should have seen more playtime in the World Cup
takes2toTANG0 helllllll no.
There's more moms at kildares right now than college girls... Ummm what.
Hello Trolley Square.
This place is a ghost town today..
Setting a record for emails received with no clue how to respond at work today.
USA U20 girls soccer game!
I love lamp. t.co/mH3vQwzTAv
Trying to find an apartment makes me more and more depressed everyday.
Downtime at work. Nothing is working.
I need to start watching Suits again, but I forget where I stopped watching in the first place.
Hopefully this company will get back to me tomorrow about a place in Trolley. I just want an apartment..
Safe places to live in Trolley Square anyone?
If it looks nice and you see nothing wrong with it, chances are someone has been shot there. It's sad, but true.
Finding a somewhat decent apartment in Delaware is almost impossible.
What is this new rule for catchers in baseball? This seems a bit out there.
Really want beta 4, but I don't have enough space on my phone.
📅📆 finally time to use these emojis!
These windows updates are keeping me at work longer than I had planned on staying.
JasBrownn I'm salary, not hourly.
JasBrownn enjoy that while you can, I don't get overtime !
Never missed Python more than I do now. Bring me back to the golden days.
JasBrownn it's all about making $ though.
Sooo... Now what?
Lol at everyone giving Messi shit. Everyone is hating because their favorite players couldn't carry their teams to the finals.
Great goal.

I have no preference to who wins this game, I just want to watch world class soccer.
I am terrible at shopping.
Gotta question why your center back is taking PKs. Especially with all the talent on the Netherlands.
LeahGuar okay, I'm done now. Cya!
It's over. GG. Germany vs Messi in the finals.
Penalties.
Messi to carry Argentina through this game.
I find this weather oddly calming.
Brazil to bring on more fro power.
Who was a bigger disappointment, Fred or Diego Costa?
Brazils coach's halftime speech, "something something, dive in the box"
Well on the bright side, Brazil still has nice beaches.

So now only one question remains... Over or under 10 goals?
THIS IS MADNESS
Well this is disappointing... I wanted a good game.
Well deserved Klose.
Snyder playing a casual game of crossbar. Does he not know this is the World Cup!?
The fitness of some of the players at the World Cup is outstanding.
Can anyone possibly explain to me how or why Costa Rica should deserve a win if this game does go to PK's and they end up winning?
this game will come down to Messi being able to carry Argentina.
Wow. What a set piece.
It sucks this match up happened so early in the World Cup. Would have rather seen Germany and France meet up later.
Okay Facebook, I've had my share of baby pictures for the next fifteen years please.
That's how to come as close as possible to winning a game, without actually winning.
What have I done with my life?
He's 19...
Beaten by a ginger.
I BELIEVE

Losing Johnson is absolutely awful for us.
That yellow is going to be trouble.
Someone get that man off the pitch.

Waking up at 5:30 to get to work early to get off in time for the USA game tomorrow. 
World Cup '14 . Home of magic stretcher beds and sprays.
USA game on at lunch. I love this place.
ConWeezy07 Everything is blocked at my work too...
Having to work tomorrow while the USA game is on is slowly killing me.
Where did this rain come from!?
This sleep number bed in the hotel. I need to get myself one of these bad boys.
What on earth is there to do here ?
Traffic :/
Currently on Facebook: People surprised that there are indeed sharks in the ocean.
Back to reality.. Starting work tomorrow.
Can't control the ball to close out games.
Broken nose but not a broken heart!
More like PUnani... Am I right?
WHAT A FUCKING GOALLLLLL
Hello nature! t.co/VaPgqvt47l
LOL
Thank you Germany
Germany... You had one job...
This World Cup so far just makes no sense.

Not who I would put on.. But as long as Costa comes off.
Still confused as to why Costa is playing...
20 checkouts, 3 open. That's Walmart. Rolling back the service.
Lol Marcello
Mexican goalie is carrying the hell out of this game for Mexico.
God, these Mexican casters are so biased casting this game. I really can't stand it.
YESSSSSSSSS
I BELIEVEEEEEEE
AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAAA


Dempsey you are a fucking god!!!
I believe.
I'm thinking 2-1 USA too Landon. Still doesn't feel right without you in the team.
Hat trick!
Two defenders down? Good work Germany!
If you didn't see that coming... Of course Pepe will get a red.

Pepe is pretty talented... Lol
Finally, another quality soccer game.
I kind of wish I had a normal sleep schedule.
Game of Goodbyes.
Aaaaand this game is over.
Never liked how Honduras play. Expecting a red card at least this game.
France still has a lot of talent, but just not the same without Ribéry.
LOL at all this talk about Spain not being good anymore. They have more talent on their bench than most teams starting lineups. Stay tuned.
That's how you take a PK Neymar.. None of the stutter step bullshit.
Beautiful ball.
Can we just have Torres instead?
Spain's jackets are sick though.
Oscar the young boy with the plays
Well there's a present.
For having a lot of big name defenders, Brazil was really lacking defense in the first half...
If you're not excited for tomorrow and the rest of the month... why not?
I missed having a grill so much.
World Cup, please start already.
Newark = old people right now hahaha. Saw so many people trying to sleep at grottos
Being the youngest in grottos is a weird feeling..
MGalenas That's it... I'm never leaving lol
Driving through the city blasting ignition... Getting weird looks.

Clint Dempsey you are my hero haha that meg.
Just gonna start wearing a cap and gown around all the time. Everyone is so friendly today. Can't get enough of this.
Couldn't be more proud of katiesauerwine than I am today. I love you babe and congratulations!
Thanks everyone who is still the same when I met them freshman year.
Shout out to laurensanchez for the kind words!
I did it guys! I'm graduating!
Already obsessed with Watch Dogs.
Three hours to finish this last final so that I can play Watch Dogs all night.
Too many distractions and zero motivation to finish this last final.
Putting pants on right after they come out of the dryer...

There's something about listening to Jazz as you do work that is just soothing.
UD Course capture is the slowest technology in existence.
And three hours of sleep later.. It's time for a presentation.
The fact I have to wait two more weeks for the next episode of GoT makes me extremely sad though.
I think I only laughed during that episode of GoT.
This python project will be the death of me.
"Shit, I just squirted too much cream " - 
I've never third wheeled quite like this before..
Got sunburn from yesterday .. lol
Cya later Senior Design... cya later Ethics!
Cannot wait for the release of Watch Dogs. This video game looks insane.

Someone save me from this project!
Cannot stand being stressed...
chiffanyta saltttt, pretty sure you passed me when you went to park in the parking garage.
Anyone else just get disappointed when they watch a TV show just knowing it won't ever live up to the hype of Game of Thrones?
Still wish I was fluent in another language other than English.
Why is the underpass policed off?
It's always a struggle to find entertainment for this class.
Free bibles all over campus today. You've been warned.
"If I didn't get it the first time, I'm not gonna get it the second time" - delaware_square on bowling.
Snapchat stepping it's game up.
"It ain't about where you've been, It's all about where you're going"
A sprinkler that sprays onto a path where students walk? Great idea UD.
If anyone wants a good laugh, look up Coinye West. I promise you won't be disappointed.
That episode of GoT needed more Daenerys. Every episode needs more Daenerys.
Installing numpy and nltk for python is annoying...
JenaBellaLoL Got arcade hecarim, thank you.
Has there really been an alarm going off outside all day?
JasBrownn You'll do great!
Today just seems like a Shwayze pandora kind of day.
Pretty stressful morning so far..
Tweeting about what happened on game of thrones right now? You get a favorite! And you get a favorite! Everyone gets favorites !
I am beyond happy right now! 
People lack common sense.
Awkwardly forgetting your only class today is canceled...
Does your professor order Jimmy Johns for the entire class? I didn't think so.
Great Gatsby is on while cooking dinner? I'll take it.

Now looking for a study buddy.
kaype3 probably just from the UD alert.
TnTDynamitee thanks man, did you hear back?
TnTDynamitee highmark
Excited to say that I officially will be employed after graduation!
This fits my mood right now perfectly: t.co/9CGjPxwJtF
You know nothing Jon Snow.
Why can't everyone be more tea?
Finally time for spring break.
Rick was hungry.
mlefoo this is absolute perfection.

I really hate when people won't text me back.
What's a Spring Break?
Is it more safe in Newark than back at home?
Holy shit. Do not play 2048. You will become addicted instantly.
Someone give me a nice paying job so that I can be done with college. Thank you.
Choose the best answer tests need to cease to exist.
Mine and katiesauerwine 's sleep schedules couldn't be any more different.
So... In a year, what isn't Facebook going to own?
Anyone wanna study ethics with me? No? Alright then.
t.co/pNmO798pAC
What I would do to go back to DogFish head brewery right now... And stay there.. dogfishbeer
alyshelly surprise.
I'm in love, never leaving this place
So Microsoft made OneNote free now, and I must say it is a very nice note taking program.
Optimizing search engine formulas will be the death of me.
UD Blackout '14 selfie t.co/BFSIfOE4kv
alyshelly ignored.
Watch any movie for free...but it's illegal.t.co/N7UebzC9h8
Should have made this presentation earlier...
For whatever reason, Spotify decides to not work with my computer today so I'm stuck using Pandora.
Days where you can just sit in the apartment with the windows open and take everything in are amazing.
Someone make my headache go away.
Jersey turn pike, you make me so incredibly sad.
Annddd there is 0 movement on the Jersey Turn Pike..
Oops, a little early to the interview.
Job interview in the afternoon. First step in hopefully what will be a successful future.
Shoutout to VerizonFiOS for the fast repair. Well qualified representative who knew what he was doing as well.
Verizon Fios internet you are terrible. Making me so mad right now.
alyshelly At least I'm done though...
alyshelly "Why didn't you do it earlier?"
100 days until the World Cup. Please come sooner.
My LinkedIn is pretty barren, but somehow it makes people still want to contact me.

mlefoo Matt G told a story where someone spelled delaware wrong on a t-shirt and that was his response.
"What?! How do you spell Delaware, besides Delaware?!" 
Soooo many job applications to fill out. This is just a taste of the good life.
Today summarized: Career Fairs are fun.
kaaaaaaaity Always makes it harder to browse twitter during class without the feeling that someone is judging for you...
Protected tweets time... Have to get serious about the future.
Time to rework the resume.
Teacher teaching people to how to convert decimal to binary in a grad level class...
MGalenas Will you be attending?
I really want to try pho. Looks pretty interesting.
This is the first semester in which every single one of my classes overlaps at some point. Makes everything so much easier.
Not getting snapchats back &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Why wouldn't it start raining on my walk back from class?
People on twitter might have convinced me to start watching House of Cards again.
Alvesssss
Forgot I can't be on any kind of social media when I don't immediately watch The Walking Dead episode.
Thank god I have an early class. Never thought I'd ever say that.
Ayyyy snow day
Two hour class on ethics...?
Holy shit guys.. I just want to buy one text book.. Not wait half an hour in line.

Sriracha and ranch on a sandwich is magical.
Freshman girls in front of me talking about dropping out and marrying rich husbands.. Yeah good luck with that.
So....what exactly is the Smart Grid?
Class in the ISE building, I can dig it.

Can't decide if I'm actually hungry right now or not...
Still can't take a liking towards coffee even with this free medium coffee from Dunkin. How do people drink this all the time?
Last first day of classes already done.
Also think I'm on of the very few non grad students in this class... Awkward.
Holy crap this class is fob central...
How does one go to class again?
Creator of Flappy Bird to remove the app from the App Store. Going to be so many angry people.
So ugh... Trabant closes at 10 during winter session?
Not surprised it takes 4:30 to get through all the F words in Wolf Of Wall Street.. It was a 3 hour movie after all..
Just got an 18 on flappy bird? Is that good?

I've had the new Paper app for less than 3 minutes, and I'm already all about it.

Sure 
Close game.

...did katiesauerwine just say that I'm right...? Am I dreaming?
Love the clean feeling my mouth has after going to the dentist.
John Snow starring in Pompeii? Interesting.
We get more mail wrongly addressed to this apartment than we actually get mail that's intended for us.. Where is 102 south main?

Please God let there be liquor store open.
Shout out to the van driving down Elkton on one of its rims with sparks shooting everywhere. Hope you get to where you need to go...
katiesauerwine do it!
chiffanyta At least you didn't end up on a jury ...
Been back in the apartment for half a day, and I already lost my phone for 2 hours.
Addicted to Chuck on Netflix. I need more snacks.
Why did I wait so long to start watching Modern Family? This show is actually decent.
Can someone explain to me why the first song on my Eminem Spotify radio is Daughtry? I'm confused.
Free parking in Newark!? I'm tempted to go home and get my vehicle just to enjoy this rare occasion.
Holy headaches
Help. Is it nap time yet???
Using the outside temperature to keep your beer cold is one reason I like winter.
This weather feels a lot more like Christmas.
Probably the youngest person in grottos right now...
takes2toTANG0 raging bitch is a damn good beer.
Don't even care about this last project really.
takes2toTANG0 jerk.
C++ drives me towards drinking.
Don't think I've ever attempted a more poorly written project.
This semester... never again please.
What is it like to be done though, I really have no idea.
Damn, my snapchat and texting buddies fell asleep.. now how am I supposed to finish this final. No motivations and no distractions.

In that awkward stage between being too hot and then being too cold. A hoodie is too warm, but without one is too cold.
Alright, the rest of this alcohol will get me through these last four essay questions.
That networking final would have gone a lot better if I actually knew anything about networking.
I feel like sleep is such a waste of time, but it's absolutely necessary. Imagine what we'd be capable of if we didn't need 7 hours of rest.
Spotify commercials are a real buzz kill while attempting to study.
Why is this final taking 10 times longer than I thought it would take?
MGalenas auzzieglove WHAT IS THIS?!? HAHAHAHA
Why does the sidewalk still have 3+ inches of snow on it City of Newark???
Lord I hope I wake up in time for this final tomorrow.
matty_tay Wagon Wheel, Scotty Doesn't Know, Get Low, Stacy's Mom
When did the Sixers get so bad?
It could have been worse guys, we could have had Spain in our Group as well.
t.co/DVHRgzwNFe
Shout out to katiesauerwine for the burrito bowl coupon earlier &lt;3
I absolutely hate the ends of semesters.
This class has turned me off for pursuing Networking completely.
That might have just been a record time for completing course evaluations.
4-5 hour naps for the rest of the semester. Let's do it.
If I survive the end of this semester I'll be amazed.
What is it about taking a shower that makes answers to questions you couldn't get before just pop into your head?
I am a terrible boyfriend :(
katiesauerwine 
Hi we're walgreens, we have flu shots, but not right now because our technician is on break.
I'm pretty shitty.
All of the "hacking" scenes in Goldeneye are 100x funnier when you understand how things actually work.
Goldeneye is on, so you could say today is going well.
60 minute and a 007 Marathon. This is how you end Thanksgiving. t.co/802HHHlg2i
Watching skyfall at home on a comfy couch. I couldn't be more relaxed right now.
Why did I ever leave my bed at home? I forgot how comfortable this was.
Carrying around two phones with me today feels weird.
Two presentations then it's back to Wilmington.
There's been two tours in the apartment today, so I sit at my desk with Eclipse up making it seem like I'm busy.
Is it nap time yet?
Could really use someone to walk on my back.
It honestly wouldn't even matter what we did, as long as I got to spend it with you.
It's not the activity that matters, it's the company you have during the activity that matters.
It's okay Fios, I don't need Internet to develop Android. Guess this is a sign to stop doing work tonight.
Just spent a solid 30 minutes trying to figure out why my app kept crashing, only to find I mistyped htpp instead of http. 
Thinking about making stackoverflow my home for the next few months...
Must have missed the seminar on how to only get classes on 2/5 days for senior year. You guys suck.
Who lied and told me that the last semester of senior year was easy?
You think by now I would have learned how to sign up for classes correctly.
Some of these questions on the exam are just making me laugh, such a funny class.
Everyone is signing of up classes and I'm just sitting here waiting for Monday to come so I can sign up...
Soooo what classes do I take for my last semester in college?
Hahahahahaha.
auzzieglove mlefoo idk man this is your territory not mine, it doesn't have any computers :/
mlefoo Involved Styrofoam and decreasing the thermal heat loss.
Eleg professor gave us advice on how to keep our beer colder for longer. Good man.

Snack of champions t.co/lLk3c7rzfv

Verizon Fios, I do not like your internet.
Grinding out answers from a textbook is probably the most useless form of Networking homework. Teach me something hands on please.
Can't decide if I'm feeling hot or cold...
Such work to do.
Shout out to alyshelly for letting me tag along to Acme this morning.
BWWings loves me, and I love them.
HeSoQuezy RiotSupport it says my request is finally being processed... after 4 days.
Could really go for some sushi right about now.
 t.co/HDCqTh1WYzThis was found on an ATM in Germany.
It gets dark way too quickly for my liking this time of the year.
God damn, things can change so suddenly.
MGalenas katiesauerwine ingredient a little love.
This is survival of the fittest, this is do or die.
Eminem's new LP though..
kaaaaaaaity :(
Still don't know why people are mad at me....?
When Jun makes me fried rice 😍
Now it's officially Halloween. t.co/zv7KYYYSaU
alyshelly I mean why not? Clearly all the cool kids are doing it these days.
alyshelly just like you forgot when the blood drive was?
BWeyl_ forgot that all the freshman get here 30 minutes before class starts to get seats in this class..
So glad I have to walk outside in the rain to take a test for 15 minutes and then walk all the way back to the apartment.
One of the terms I need to know for this Criminal Justice test tomorrow is literally "The Asshole".
Cannot find any motivation to study right now.



Brew free or die t.co/dkbSnpQ5AZ
JasBrownn it's a polynomial So it's domain is all real numbers. Domain is basically for what values of x, is the function allowed to exist
JasBrownn it's just what the function is defined for..
Never enough sleep
Today just started, and I already cannot wait for it to be over.
Studying the Miller Effect for Eleg, while drinking Miller Lite. That means I'll learn it faster right?
Too damn loud...
Atmosphere pandora 👍
If all you do is share random Vines on Facebook, chances are I don't like you that much.
If game developers would pay me to play their games and give them reviews on them, that would be great. Could definitely do that.
Can't find my keys, I guess I'm not going to class...
I should really get back on a normal sleep schedule.
DAAAAMNNNNN walking dead.
Once again Eclipse neglects to work with me.. I really hate this program.
Alex Morgan doing an AMA on reddit? I'll take it.
Java App Development.
It's amazing how some people still don't know how to interact with other people at this stage in life.
Girls, it's not old enough for Uggs just yet...

Time to check out the new Kings of Leon album.
The fact this same Asian dude is our TA for Networking makes me feel 100 times better about this class.
Today in criminal justice, Jay-Z sucks at understanding the 4th amendment.
"Tell me and I forget. Show me and I remember. Involve me and I understand."
Warm cup of tea, Nujabes Pandora, and a networking text book...
If you're walking down South Main Street having a conversation, chances are I can hear it in my apartment..
Hope all the people that were being taken away in ambulances and stretchers on main street are okay.
Name something good to watch on Netflix. GO!
Anyone want to teach me how to actually do networking?
Criminal Justice professor making a white kid read out Jay-Z 99 Problems lyrics in class.
Days like this are the reason why naps exist.
Just found the weather report for Delaware for the next few days:t.co/ltFNRlkwlQ
Jefe is much more enjoyable when it's less crowded...
What does the fox say!?

Slowly becoming obsessed with watching jeopardy ..
Aaaaandddd I need a drink.

I think it's time to get serious about lining up a secure job by the time I graduate.
New Olympic sport coming soon! Drying rack jenga! t.co/F2rql4oqQR
4 cops, 2 ambulances, and 20 minutes of traffic later everything is back to normal.
Old dude fell off his bike after spending the day at Deer Park and smashed his head on the pavement out front of the apartment.
Best Spotify radio stations? Go!
Tengo mucho hambre.
So we shut down part of I-95 and we still didn't find that guy?
Tonight was quality.
Perfection. t.co/bzSlMdjacz
Cannot wait for beer and wings tonight.
How does one pay attention in this class when it's the the E-Calc room? Too many computers..
t.co/zymgr4GVAM
I just asked rbart65 if he had any hairspray I could use to burn this centipede... clearly I'm not with it tonight.
It's baaaaaaackkkkk! t.co/qeVoMqjNN1
Only about 1 more month until Watch Dogs comes out. Couldn't be any more excited.
takes2toTANG0 then go get a man...
Pretty sure almost every one of my meals consists of chicken and rice...
Houston, we might actually be using the dishwasher to wash dirty dishes. You heard it here first.
Love when my whole room shakes because the train is coming by.
Jun's influences are too strong. t.co/wGtxxiB3Td
We need some snickers ASAP..

katiesauerwine will tweet 2748392 things, but won't text me back...
Saw so many people I've missed so far this year... It was great catching up with all of you !
😍😍😍😍😍😍 t.co/Ja7BUoxag3
Doing nothing after this test.
Nujabes Pandora and a bit of relaxing before sleeping and taking this test tomorrow.
Sleeping before 3 am actually makes me wake up feeling good in the morning. Maybe I'll try that more often.
Worst headache in awhile.
Studying circuits... like I actually know what I'm doing..
JasBrownn how about people that ride bikes on the sidewalks?
Does anyone know how to get rid of House Centipedes? I can't possibly attempt to sleep with these terrorists running around the apartment.
It's a house centipede invasion. Send help! This is serious. We're being over run!
katiesauerwine 😡
Considering buy a pet lizard or something to eat creepy bugs like that. That's just not normal looking.
Why is there a spawn of satan in my room!? t.co/nECTH7kxLH
Why on earth is there a butterfly in this classroom. Must be a freshman.
I've been awake for 15 minutes and already want to take a nap.
Nujabes Radio on Pandora is the best for doing homework.
I am addicted to tea. Every single kind.
I should really add all of my bookmarks back to my bookmark bar in chrome..
I wonder if I can put off doing any actual work any longer...
JasBrownn Everyone gets tired of their job every now and then...
If someone wants to come over and cook me a meal, I'll love you forever.

takes2toTANG0 So you're buying me a drink?
60 minute is such a good classic beer.
Apple iPhone charger cables are the worst thing in existence. They always break/rip no matter what.
JasBrownn welcome to every single math and science class at UD. Haha just read the book instead
JasBrownn Don't like that class?
You're gonna hand them a card that says, "I'm CEO bitch!".
KANANenBALL Don't think that will work too well lol.
How did I manage to forget to bring laundry detergent with me?
mattymoeh If your build number is 11A465, then yes. If not then you will have to get the correct IPSW and install it.
The Alien Blue update for iOS7 though is amazing.
jayCamaclang yeah apparently betas don't get the OTA update so I have to download and install it from a pc.
Apparently I don't get an update and the iOS7 I have is already the newest version? Interesting.
SmellyPitts24 Apple usually releases their iOS at 10 am PDT time, which would be about 1pm for us.
This girl sucks at telling stories.
Why did I sign up for this class again?
Welcome to iOS7 everyone else.
Need to get a mouse pad for this desk so I can stop using a notebook...
The chicken that I cooked earlier was so damn good though.
Lol just noticed my face is on the wall in Evans ...
CAAAARRRRLLLL! That kills people!
This is the weather I've been waiting for.
I really like J. Cole Spotify so far.
My sperrys are ripping, so sad.
alyshelly *terrible. See even you made mistakes.
Apparently riding the dog like it's a small horse is FROWNED UPON in the establishment.
It's raining out? Fantastic.
Shit show on main street .
90 yesterday and now a low of 52 tonight...? t.co/km4O539Oyu
Get me out of this class...
I really should have thought this through
Didn't even bring my notebook for class ... So why am I here?
USA!
laurensanchez you weren't following me!?
chiffanyta laurensanchez it's not that amazing.. Everyone is hyping it up too much.
I wonder what iOS7 is gonna be like...

Apparently there's nightly drag races held on South Main Street if anyone didn't know. I can hear them over my headphones.
Studying in an apartment is so much better than trying to study in the dorms.
auzzieglove sign me up!
auzzieglove how does one study?
Networking project due tomorrow?!...
Well.. Taken is on. So I guess I'm not doing anything today.
Oh well.
Being sick is the absolute worst.
This class is exact where I don't want I be right now.
I swear if I'm starting to get sick...
There's something about having a really cold drink with hot soup that I love.
Fuck takes2toTANG0 found me.
Shoutout to the girl driving down Main Street that yelled out her car and told me to shit on her chest. I like your style.
The wifi on this side of the campus is pretty terrible.
Beyond excited to eat the rest of this sub tomorrow.
Space Jam honestly has the best soundtrack.
PitLookinBoy I could sit here all day and favorite every tweet about The Fast and The Furious. That movie is a classic.
ZzzzzzZZzzzZZZZzzzz....
Drunk girls are the most evil thing in the existence of the world. There is nothing worse than one of their rage.
Fucking kill me. This is the worst.
Watch out for the skunk!!!
Holy shit this new engineering building! I'm moving in.
auzzieglove it sounds like 15 elephants are mating next door, with an occasional high pitched screen. Idk what I'm missing out on...
Holy shit our neighbors rage every fucking night.
Only Jun would get carded by drinking water at the bar.
Sausage and sriracha is so heavenly.
There should be a twitter that tweets all of the stupid shit incoming freshman say.
Its almost 3 and I still haven't had a class today yet. I feel like my Tuesday/Thursday never starts, and then when it does it's bedtime.
MGalenas why does the chair I'm sitting on have wheels on it? I cant stay still at all without rolling around.
Allison Hall is the most bizarre building on campus...
